`azurerm_spring_cloud_customized_accelerator` - support for the `accelerator_type` and `sub_path` (#23797)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/spring_cloud_customized_accelerator.html.markdown

* `ssh_auth` - (Optional) A `ssh_auth` block as defined below. Conflicts with `git_repository.0.basic_auth`. Changing this forces a new Spring Cloud Customized Accelerator to be created.

> * `sub_path` - (Optional) Specifies the folder path inside the git repository to consider as the root of the accelerator or fragment.

Reviewer: The `sub_path` can probably be shortend to just `path`. The description can then be reworded to:

```suggestion
* `path` - (Optional) Specifies the path under the git repository to be treated as the root directory of the accelerator or the fragment (depending on `accelerator_type`).
```

Author: Thanks! I've updated it.
